Oh, yeah, it's a little music by our friend Titanic's and Clare, I remember.
From Hollywood, California, the Sunshine State, Harmontown is once again in session.
Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden then, right off the bat.
And the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
It's very kind, very kind people, thank you very much.
Alright, we've got a lot to talk about.
What should we talk about?
It's part of a time strip, I got high.
I went out of the way, yeah, what are we talking about first?
You guys, if you want, you can all come back in like 10 minutes.
We're going to look through and what will I be mad if Rob interrupts before I bring out Rob?
Let's bring out Rob Schrab, everybody.
I think he might have got bigger applause than the mayor.
It's all ironic. Everybody loves Loki more than Thor, but they know who the good guy is.
I'll take that, I will take that, I'll take that comparison.
Brought to you by Dr. Pepper.
God damn it, this is what you get when you don't talk to me at dinner.
It was a big booth and you guys were coming across.
Can we talk about our text message exchange?
Sure, I got nothing to hide.
Can we bring Steve Levy out because he has a part in this?
Oh yeah, Steve Levy.
I'm sorry if you're here for this.
Clean, shaven, freshly cut Levy.
Look at the biceps of this guy, he's the hottest.
You look like Captain America.
One of the guys kind of changing in the background in that locker room scene in Top Gun.
But you are on Iceman's side.
I'm just saying this guy's got fantastic.
Also, do you wax your smooth as an eel?
Geez, what's happening?
No, I don't wax.
Again, you can subscribe ladies, $5 a month.
Get to see this shit.
Okay, so I got a text message from Schrab, let's see.
A couple of them.
I think it was yesterday.
Alright, first text message.
Yesterday, 326pm, Schrab says, wait, what should we...
I don't even remember.
We should read each our own parts.
No, no, no, no.
Come on, no.
Yeah, read your fucking text that you sent me.
Open your script, Schrab.
326pm.
Open your ice grips.
You want me to?
Yeah, read yours.
This is like being like the Steppenwolf.
My phone's dead, I mean, I can't.
My phone's dead.
Go sit next to him and do it together.
No, no, just read it, just read it.
Man, this is the worst.
Well, you know, if you would have mentioned something at dinner, we could have had it all planned out.
I didn't know you were going to do this.
Go ahead.
Just sit here and read your fucking text.
I brought Levy out so Levy could read his in the middle, that's the funny part.
It's all the worst.
Alright, okay, okay.
The podcast has become like, we're like the unearned popular kids at the lunch table,
and it's like we think that the lunch table means we have a TV show.
We're closing in on our 200th episode, and we still haven't figured it out.
Alright, but there's at least five people in the audience tonight who have never been here,
and they're like, what the fuck is this?
What is this?
Like, I thought he, I thought he, where's Chevy Chase?
Where's, what's, alright, just read.
Am I reading you, I mean?
No, you're reading yourself.
Yesterday, 326 p.m. yesterday.
Just don't touch it.
See with your eyes, not with your hands.
It's too small, I'm sorry.
He's got bad eyesight.
Okay, where is it, where are we starting?
Where are we starting?
Aren't they adorable?
There, yesterday, 326, this is the worst.
Just had brunch with Chris Pratt.
Kind of a big deal.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh no.
He's got p-
Yeah!
Pratt brunch at Soho House.
Holy shit.
Uh, so I let it go.
Which makes me feel like you didn't get it.
Oh, I got it.
But I didn't know, I thought you didn't hear it.
So then, what was it, an hour later?
What's the time stamp?
So then I get a text message from Steve Levy.
Some time later.
This is from Steve.
Uh, hold on.
Because Schrabs?
Here, here.
Where were we?
God, we text a lot.
I send you a lot of vines.
You send me so many vines.
This is even better than going to see Hamilton.
This is amazing.
The fucking stagecraft up here.
It's at the top of the screen.
This is three hours after that at 6 p.m.
This is from Steve Levy.
6.03 p.m.
Schrabs wants me to tell you he had a, he had brunch with Chris Pratt.
Well, I didn't know you got it, so I wanted to make sure.
In case you were trying to get ahold of me, I had my phone on do not disturb mode while I was having, having, having a meeting with Pratt.
So then I said, my assistant telling me about your brunch with Chris Pratt doesn't make it dinner with Chris Pratt.
A 10.08 p.m.
9.14 a.m., so 12 hours later, you said, it's at the top.
Just fucking read it.
It was a great meeting.
He's super friendly.
And then I said, don't you think it's possible he was acting?
Why would he do that?
Maybe that's how actors practice.
Maybe making someone think they're your friend is the acting equivalent of catching a fly with chopsticks.
Have you been an actor this whole time?
No, and that's why my friendship is more valuable to you than his.
That's all I wanted to know, screen grab.
All right, that's it.
Thanks, Steve.
You got it.
Steve Levy.
When we make this on Broadway, I think the more coveted role is a Steve Levy role.
I think he becomes the whole...
I ruined it.
I shouldn't have thought, oh, we should read those texts.
I should be organic.
See, when you go after something, you kill the butterfly.
All right, so I shit my pants again.
I went to Palm Springs with...
Yeah, that's what they're calling it now.
I went to Palm Springs before I came on stage, man.
El Compadre.
I was driving there with my lover.
It's a two-hour drive.
You've taken a lover?
Dan Harmon takes a lover.
He's taken a lover.
A two-hour ride to Palm Springs.
All right, it's a story.
Yeah, I was giving you a title sequence.
I took a little hit. I grabbed the vape pen.
Her vape pen is differently configured than mine.
I took a big, full hit, and then I started coughing.
During the cough, each cough, as you know, I fart.
Largely, and I was like, those feel like hot farts.
And I was coughing like horrible coughing.
There were four in a row that I was like, that was a hot fart.
Four in a row.
And then everything was fine.
Then we went on a two-hour drive. Great time.
I made her a wonderful birthday present. I'm very talented.
While you were driving?
No.
No, I made...
She's a fan of the Karina Longworth podcast.
So you must remember this. I made her a half-hour episode of
You Must Remember This.
I want to hear this.
Well, you can't. It's her birthday present.
So we listened to it. She loved it.
And then she was like, oh, we're almost to the place.
We're about 10 minutes away.
This is probably our last chance to stop, grab some snacks,
stopped at a Walgreens, and got out and remembered.
And felt...
That you weren't just making birthday presents.
They weren't hot farts.
I mean, the opening credits that Rob was making,
Rob didn't know the movie was called Hot Farts.
And I'm saying it's got a Z.
I was like walking around Walgreens.
And then I went, I was like, I don't know what's going on back there,
but I can tell it's a big deal.
I don't know for sure. You never know for sure.
I'm drinking soylent a lot during the weeks, and so...
Thanks.
Well, I'm just telling you that kind of throwing soylent under the bus
because I don't want you to think, Jesus, he's dying.
I do shit my pants more than the average person.
We've learned that, but I also like, I'm drinking a lot of liquid.
And then I went back to the restroom area,
and the restroom was closed.
It was under renovations.
And there was like one of those key code things in the women's room.
So I just slashed back out and like...
Wait, you had already let it rip?
It's already out?
They were Hot Farts, man!
I'm sorry, you're already carrying this.
He's shed his pants four times!
I thought you were still like, you didn't know what was about to happen.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
This isn't like a story about like, oh, it leads up,
and then let's celebrate the moment of the shit.
I'm saying, this is like, oh, I coughed,
and then each cough I was like, that was a Hot Fart.
Oh, sorry.
There was a Hot Fart too, there was like four of them,
and I was like, if those were all Hot Farts,
why doesn't it smell in the whole car?
And if they weren't, if they were something else,
why doesn't it smell?
And then forgot about them, because I wasn't moving around.
So I was like, like, oh, I guess nothing's wrong.
Got out at the Walgreens, and then felt, I could feel.
Right.
Okay, something happened.
Gotcha.
You shed your pants.
And then really, there's almost, well, then I had to,
because I was like, I shed my pants.
And it's just like, well, go to the bathroom,
the bathroom is closed.
So I was like, we just got to go,
and I just went back to the car, and I just sat down.
Did you get, I mean, you could get like,
wet wipes and stuff like that.
I hadn't thought about that, but what was I going to do?
Take them into a dumpster?
It was a desert.
It was like, stack up rattlesnakes,
and just hide behind the rattlesnakes.
You can't shit in the desert, man.
Where can you?
I didn't have to shit.
I'd shit my pants.
I'd have to remove my pants, remove the underwear.
So you went to the, you went, you went to this,
you went to a wedding?
You went to a wedding?
Where did you go?
It was a birthday weekend.
Birthday weekend.
Okay.
All right.
And so, happy birthday.
So you're back in the car.
I mean, I was telling the story.
You're like, wait, wait, wait, wait, what happened?
You shit your pants?
Yes.
Then what happened?
I'll be right with you.
All right.
So you're back in the car now?
I sat in the car.
I'm like, I don't know.
Like, how, what's going on?
And I just, I just held still and we're in the desert.
And then we pulled up to the thing and she's like,
I'll check in.
I'm like, yeah, you check in.
I'm not going to move.
I'm just going to sit here in my shit.
And then I was like sitting there and it was like a while
because they're hippies, you know,
I'm out in the desert and there's like some artisanal hotel that
probably had to pay in bark or something.
And like, so I'm sitting there and I just like,
I could swear that I was hallucinating that I could feel
something dripping down my leg.
But I wasn't, I couldn't, I didn't want to check.
I didn't want to, I was just sitting there.
I just sat there and then we got to the bathroom or the room
and I, and then I like, it's just a little Rorschach.
Okay.
That's the end of my story.
I shit my pants.
Okay.
There's a lot to talk about.
So, can I, I have one question.
You're telling me that you did four hot farts in the car,
drove to the wall, Walgreens, Walmart, Walgreens,
and then you got out of the car,
realized that you had indeed pooped your pants.
Yeah.
Walked around a little while while you're trying to sort it out,
couldn't get into one restroom,
didn't know the key code to the ladies restroom.
Go back to the car, sit in the car.
Take another, I'm assuming a few more minute drive back.
10 minutes.
On to the crib.
Right.
She goes into the check-in, paying with bark.
You're sitting out in a hot desert car,
possibly poop running on your legs,
or you're having like, you're having like a psychosomatic.
It didn't smell like shit in the car.
No.
What?
Cause it really wasn't that immediate.
Cause it's out of the fucking box, it's fucking...
Yeah, but maybe it's just like, I got a big hairy butt,
and it's like, a lot of stuff can be going on up there.
God knows that you couldn't eat off it right now,
and the room doesn't stink.
I think the secret is to be a big, wide person
with a giant canyon for an ass.
Cause I was on stage doing an improv show a long time ago,
and one of the improvisers had to run off stage,
like really unceremoniously just leave the show
halfway through, and the whole room smelled like poop.
But we didn't connect those dots,
cause it smelled like poop before he left.
We thought something else was happening,
but he had indeed completely emptied his drawers on stage.
So you just let a little...
No, I've never done...
I don't even remember when I've done that,
but I have a lot of stories about like, farts gone awry.
I probably had said this before,
and I might be misquoting it either way.
Tommy Lasorta, the ex-manager of the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Wow, I got finger snaps from Dave Kline on that one.
I didn't expect that.
He had some advice from people,
and I think there was more than this,
but he said, never pass...
like when you get older,
never pass a bathroom and never trust a fart.
Right, never trust a fart.
That's the thing.
I had to learn that in my 30s that I had to stop.
I'd be like, you know what else is on the menu?
And then I'd be like, I'll be right back.
So yeah, you've lost the ability to do...
Yeah, you can't do it anymore.
When's the last time you shit your pants, Spencer?
I think I was like 19 or something.
It was just a fart gone awry, yeah.
Right outside of a Taco Bell, fittingly.
Wow.
Hey, Jeff, what would the Sam Elliott add for a...
Wait, what would it...
Come on down to Palm Springs and go to the all-new Walmart.
We've closed the men's room
because Dan Harmon comes by once in a while.
Ladies, the passcode is 3421.
Alright, that's Sam Elliott for Walgreens.
It's a new segment I want to do.
It's Sam Elliott...
Check out Harmon Quest on CISO.
Hey, did you just say Sam Elliott for...
I'm going to make you do one, too.
For Schrabs, Schrabs, Mama's Pussy.
Oh, she was on the show. She was on the show.
Yeah, really, you know, really not cool.
All the glitters isn't gold.
But there's one substance that never tarnishes in my mind,
and that's Schrabs, Mama's Pussy.
Right, right, right, of course.
I call it the mother load.
Right.
Sam Elliott.
Alright, it's not cool.
Dan Harmon, I heard on the...
I was listening to a talk radio, which I don't normally do,
and I heard that...
Schrabs, give me like a small business of any kind.
Shoe.
A shoe.
I heard an ad for shoes.
I don't know if it was shoe makers or shoe repairers.
Shoe business.
Shoe as a whole shoe business.
The shoe business.
It's called shoe biz.
Yeah.
Shoe business.
Shoe biz.
Also with a Z, just like hot farts.
There was a local spot by Ice-T.
Oh.
Yo.
Do your feet suffer from no shoeitis?
Remember, it's not personal.
It's shoe business.
Come on down to shoe.
We got all manner of foot coverings, boot jacks, flap naps,
canvas tops, high backs, round to rounds, mule wedges,
pumps, double pumps, non-pumps, neopumps,
and the revolutionary air nine.
At shoe.
Fuck you.
All right.
I guarantee you, as we, you know, we're twang with searching for
sponsorship here.
There's got to be a place called shoe biz.
Oh, for sure.
Yeah.
I mean, that's just free advertising for shoe biz.
We're just giving the shit away.
Dr. Pepper's looking right at camera three over there.
So during the trip, you guys use ways sometimes?
Yeah.
I use that ways, man.
Have you used the Shaquille O'Neal ways voice?
No.
I haven't heard that.
Shaquille O'Neal ways voice says, I don't know if I can do an
impression of him.
He's like a big guy.
And he was like, hazard ahead.
Be careful.
Don't cause a shacksident.
All right.
He takes that pause like he's like, get ready.
Does he say about police?
Yeah.
He says the police thing is police reported ahead.
Don't be shacked in a fool.
My favorite, they used to have Terry Cruz.
It was like a Brooklyn nine nine integration and Terry Cruz was
the best because he would be like police reported ahead.
It would just be really exciting.
I used to get in your car and it would just be like, turn right.
Yeah.
Like left and then go straight.
It was great.
Everybody keep your eyes out for a 1998 Toyota Corolla.
It's a shactor alert.
That's about child abduction.
A shack doing an amber alert.
Amber.
A shack.
A shactor alert.
I thought the car was stolen.
Oh yeah.
You didn't mention a child.
Look, we'll pick it up and post.
I haven't eaten much today.
Hey, okay.
So Game of Thrones, which we're all missing tonight.
Thank you for.
I already saw it.
Yay.
So last week's episode.
These aren't spoilers.
I'm not going to.
I don't think.
We already did that last episode, I think.
What?
We already spoiled some stuff for people.
Did I?
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know about you.
Some people did.
It's fine.
Let's move past.
That's why you say spoiler alert.
And they're supposed to put their fingers in the air and go,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah.
Yeah, yeah.
This episode.
They're not tonight's, but last week.
I finally have a girlfriend who also like me likes to watch all
television and movies with the subtitles on.
Close caption.
Yeah.
I don't understand what the fuck people are saying, especially in
that show.
You're from house.
What?
It's gibberish.
So many names start with the same letter and the same.
And they're all vowels.
And I was like, Varar.
What?
Oh, Varar.
Oh boy.
And now I know everything.
What letter do they all start with?
You get a Tyrian, a Tywin, a Tomwin, a Timmy Taps, a Toobie
Dupes.
So did you see the scene where they're at Kingsland?
I think Toobie Dupes.
This is his season, by the way.
They're having the Kingslanding, like the workplace comedy Kingslanding
boardroom meetings, you know, where Cersei's kind of like,
guys, W.K.R.P. needs to get his profit margins back up.
You know, it's like they have those scenes where it's like her little,
like unwilling minions are gathered around the table.
And the guy, the old guy, the bearded old fucking guy with the
bathrobe.
Mr. Toobie Dupes.
The guy that, the guy that in one episode they revealed when
everyone's out of the room, he's, he's only 70, not 90.
Remember that scene where he was like, they left and he was
like, oh, wow.
You're only pretending to be 90, you're 70.
That's cool.
That'll come into play.
That'll pay off.
Yeah.
There's going to be an 80 year old chasing him.
This is my chance.
He's going to catch him by a decade.
Wait a minute.
What's going on?
It's like, they cut down to the verbal cat Kaiser Soze, like,
like shot of the feet.
They're like, wait, that's not a 90 year old's gate.
That's a hobble.
That's a full hobble.
The unit guys in Milwaukee, everyone, we have a serious problem.
There's a slam dunk contest in 45 minutes.
The basket will be, of course, lowered each time a round is
failed, but it's, the opponent is 85.
And as we all know, our champion is a sharp 90.
Anyways, that guy was talking shit about, you know,
Darth zombie man, the fucking, like, the mountain.
The mountain.
Got turned into a.
I like Darth.
This guy.
And he's talking shit about him.
He's doing the old, he's right behind me.
Isn't he?
Because he's like, that thing ought to be, you know,
put that thing to death.
Like, as far as I'm concerned, that thing's like, oh,
crazy.
And it's like, chomp, chomp, chomp.
Coming up in the frame.
And then he turns and goes.
And then he, if you're watching it with the subtitles,
like, you know for sure what, what's about, like,
like, he looks and then there's a beat and then he farts.
The care it says, and it says in the subtitles, farts.
And there's like a little like sound.
What's going on at Game of Thrones this season?
Do you think they.
Hot fart.
Do you think they added that?
They could have, they might, do you think they added that
in a poster?
Do you think that was scripted?
Well, if you knew, if you knew how many farts I had to
actively suppress in community, like, like, because God
blessed them, but audio engineers, they're, I mean,
they, they got to make their own fun.
Like, like, and they, they will have a track of the
entire show if they've had time.
Like, and then like, of course we could, you know, well,
Glenn's in the bathroom.
We could play the, play it for him and then they play it
and it's just like, there's horse winnies and like hooves
and farts and everything's a fart and like, the Will
Helms scream is all lines of dialogue and like, and it's
just like, guys, I love your craft.
I love what you do.
It's very important to me, but everyone can't be
farting all the time.
And I think this is like, like, like, yeah, they were like,
like, they must have like, like, maybe they said like,
George R.R. Martin and because, you know, we're,
we're having a debate in the mixed bay and he's like,
I'm just the writer.
I'm working on the books and they're like, there's a
fart and he's like, I can't hear you.
I hope we get more young hodor.
I want like a young hodor spinoff.
Remember when he, when he did little, little young
teenage hodor?
I hope that whole storyline.
Oh, I'm loving it now.
I'm loving it now.
You like, you like the brand.
I'm loving it now. Yeah.
Now that, now that Branson is awkward years.
Yeah.
I'm all over the Wikipedia.
I'm reading stuff.
Things are interesting.
It's crazy.
Are you being sarcastic?
No, no, it's, it seems like it's leading somewhere where
it could be leading somewhere that's completely like
new, weird territory that's like never done before.
I hope so.
I hope it's not more I white animal occupying.
I don't, I don't, and I don't want to hang out in a tree
anymore.
And I don't want to walk through holodeck flashbacks.
I don't like, look, what am I complaining about?
It's a good show.
It just seems like the season's kind of like, hey,
what if, what if they had a meeting?
Yeah.
There was a whole season where there was no crows.
I was, I was okay with that.
Like one.
I'm not sure.
What is it?
Okay.
Well, this is a good question.
Unless you're not into Game of Thrones and wandered in here
tonight.
Of the, of the, of the, of the 19 like places you can cut to
in a Game of Thrones episode, like what really like,
like what's the top one for you that you're,
you're like leaning in.
Give me a moment to think about that.
I recently asked somebody, what would be the shittiest
if you were an actor?
Oh, when we had, when we had Grey Wormon,
like what was the shittiest gig?
We talked about that here.
What would be the best one?
Do you have one already on hand?
I don't really.
I don't know what my answer to that is.
I think what's, what's the one where everybody's fancy?
Like the, where the, where the, where the seat of power is.
What's that one?
Yeah.
That's probably King's Landing.
But, but Dinklage is out of there now.
Like that was my.
Yeah, but you can still have a nice outfit.
That was my favorite was when he was there and he was like,
he handed the King and he was hanging out and stuff.
Okay.
Anyways, what, what a dumb podcast.
Stupid ass podcast.
But really, where would you get Game of Thrones conversation
if this podcast didn't do it?
This is your only place on the internet to find out.
All right, let's get back to the stuff only we can provide.
So are there any women with big boobs in here?
If wait for it, like, do you have a problem with seat belts?
Yeah.
Okay.
That sounded like a lot of big boob women.
That sounded like a unanimous consent on that one.
Do you, do you put, how many of those women,
I don't know how to measure it by,
because it's by applause.
It's by cup size.
I don't want, I don't want to embarrass you.
I want to give you your privacy, but, but like,
like, I guess you said yes when I said,
do you have big boobs?
You can say it the same way.
Do you put the seat belt behind you?
Yes.
That was a, that was a, that felt like,
that felt like there's 12 women with big boobs in here
and four to seven of them drive with the seat belt
wrapped behind them because it disturbs their boobs.
Just a thought.
Started dating someone with big boobs and I'm an advocate.
And I want you to be safe in the car.
Yeah, so we have, so, so one of you,
the gals that drives with it behind,
like you're sacrificing the shoulder strap
and you're just doing the lap belt?
Basically.
Really?
The illusion of safety.
So yeah, you might not be flung out of the car,
you'll just be smashed into the dashboard head first.
That's a bummer.
Is there anybody, is there anybody like a,
like travel safety, whatever that's called,
like working on seat belts that can accommodate that?
Are you asking if there's anybody in here?
No, no, I mean, like, no.
I am Professor Mortimer Xavier Honda.
Are people currently like working on,
I doubt it.
Remedying that?
Yeah, probably not.
And I feel like, what?
There's that, as seen on TV, where it's like,
there's a stuffed animal that sits on your boobs.
Oh, oh, oh, like there's like,
people sell a, like a, yeah.
Is that supposed to ease the,
but that doesn't work, I'm assuming.
Wait, okay, so the boobs lift the belt
and make it like a braid your neck.
Ah.
So look, I don't want to white knight the situation,
but look, body, body shaming.
I'm saying like, like if it's not getting addressed,
it's because, you know, how, you know,
like we've done a number on women,
we're going to write to anybody and say,
I've got giant tits and I've got a problem with that.
Like none of them are going to do it.
That's like, a lot of them are driving around,
like, like,
Has there been no public outcry on that?
You know of anybody?
That's, that's crazy.
It's like, and it's like, you know,
like, like, yeah, like, like,
I had the same problem with the lap belt.
That's exactly,
that's the customer service line when you call
and you're like, seriously, like you're disturbed
because you just had a near accident
or you lost a friend and you're like calling
and you're like kind of crying and like,
and then the guy's like, ask you like eight questions
and then he goes like, okay, I'm just getting this down
because it's the same with me and the lap belt
that they, and then you hear three guys laughing
and then they, and you just hang up
and curl up in the corner.
Sob.
Yeah, well, well, ladies with big boobs,
let it be said here first.
I am on your side.
You're welcome.
Ladies with big boobs.
Ladies and gentlemen, Sam Elliott
for big boob seat belts.
Oh, boy.
I was going to go to a really dark place.
What you making this, Rob?
Uh, jeez.
Shit, sorry.
I dropped my microphone a little bit.
I dropped it.
It was on my, got on my foot.
And then came a guy.
We here at BMW have a whole new concept
about the way cars should be driven
and driven in.
You got some big old hang down floppers.
Do you got some big old out front,
punch them rounds.
He's going into the different kinds of
breasts.
I don't know.
Don't make me do a commercial for titty safety.
What else do you got?
Your bosom deserves the respect.
Ice tea for titty safety.
Why does he have a rap beat?
Because he's ice tea.
I don't play Nashville music
when you're doing Sam Elliott.
If I had it, I would play it.
I'm not allowed to play licensed music anymore.
Just let me, if you're going to pimp me to do
ice tea endorsements, don't play a beat
because I'm not going to rap to it.
It's just a sound.
Ice tea for man space exploration.
And the funding thereof.
We've been on this earth for over 5 trillion years.
And we still can't get off it.
Shit.
It don't even matter to me personally
what's out there.
It's a principle of the thing.
Gotta get my ass off this planet.
If you feel the same way, write your congressman.
That was pretty good.
The beat was fucking me up.
What else is on here?
I said I had a lot to talk about,
but I'm realizing it's a bunch of dumb cutesy shit
because I was in Love All Weekend.
And throughout the week also,
I threw it through the floor.
What was that?
Did you talk about it in the show yet?
The fact that you drove in an Uber with a dude
who was full blown flat earth.
Did you talk about that here?
I don't think we did, did I?
Oh dear heaven, I totally forgot about that.
There's still flat earth people.
They're down to talk.
He seemed like a reasonable, rational,
sober individual who was articulate.
What music was playing?
This is Ice T.
Ice T stuck his head in the window for a second.
How did he drive away?
Sorry, I can see you're busy.
I'm going on a coffee run.
I left an ice cream truck or something.
This was a month and a half or two months ago probably, right?
I left a Harmontown here and I got into a lift.
And the dude had, sometimes people put their ways,
their phone on the dash or on suction cup to the window
or up on their visor or different places.
Where else?
Are there other places?
Sometimes, and their passengers, big titties,
because he keeps the chafing on the neck.
But he had another screen up.
He had one of those giant Samsung-y big ones.
I'm talking about his dick.
He had a screen up on the visor and when I got in,
it was clearly kind of like talk radio but with visuals.
Just pictures and it was guys talking about science stuff.
And he kind of, not rushed to turn it off,
but I got in the car, he got the destination and he turned it off.
I'm like, what was going on there?
He had some planets and space.
He's like, yeah, it's a science thing.
I listened to it.
I like science.
We started talking about stuff.
And it was revealed at one point that he is a flat earth believer.
Flat earth?
Is there a name for it?
And so he's like, the whole thing is a lie.
The earth is flat.
I tried to come at that citadel wall through the front gate,
over the top, like tunnel under it.
You don't want to be a dick, but you're fascinated.
I was super fascinated.
Also, he was a pleasant guy.
And I wish I could remember all the details.
But when you've seen, do you believe we went to the moon?
He goes, oh, we did go to the moon.
That's also flat.
See, that's fucking amazing.
That was like the fourth.
Well, most flat earth people, from whatever I've read online,
they think that they also are moon hoax people.
I was saying, what do you think happens if you walk in a straight line?
And he goes, we don't know, because the polar ice caps are there.
They're there to keep us from falling.
I have to go, what if we walk around the equator where there are no,
there's no such thing.
There's no such thing as that.
But this guy, hardcore environmentalist.
That's the crazy thing too, is that he's like, he agrees.
If you're dumb enough, you're fucking liberal.
That's what we've got to do.
We've got to deny education to conservatives until they become flat earthers
and believe that the ice caps are keeping their children dry.
I'm sorry, not dry, because what they believe is that if the polar ice caps melt,
all the water will fall off the edge of the marble madness level that we live on.
So I asked him about, what do you think creates gravity if not that swirling iron core?
And he goes, he had a, not a good answer, but he had an answer.
And it was preposterous and lunatic, but he laid it out nice and simple.
He talked like this level headed.
Big turtle.
It's a big, just big turtle, camera.
Big, big turtle.
I said, all right.
Big turtle keeping the water down.
If you believe that we walked on the moon as human beings, and we took photos,
do you believe those photos?
He goes, yeah.
I go, how come you can only see part of that flat disk?
How come you can only see Africa or you can only see a certain continent at once?
And again, he said, well, that's the photos.
He goes, that's a good question.
I'll tell you why.
And then he started making this other weird shit.
I go, when you go high enough on a plane or a spaceship,
you can see the curvature of theirs.
He goes, no, that's just because the lenses and the cameras are curved.
The Beastie Boys video theory.
So then I said, so what you, what you, what you want?
What you want?
Intergalactic.
So I said, and I laid down something that I, when I was like drunk and high and talking
to Professor Brian Cox about, I said, like, I said, like gravity and all this stuff.
I explained what, we know what it does, but do we really know what it is?
Well, it's like, or like space time and stuff like that.
We're talking about space time.
And he goes, gravity curves things in the same way that like if you're walking on a curved surface,
like our planet, if you and I stood in a straight line along the equator,
like a hundred, you know, kilometers apart and we walked, we both had a compass
and we walked due north.
We would eventually meet.
We would eventually touch.
We would think that we were both walking perfectly straight and we were.
We didn't know that the world was round.
You would think that there was some weird force acting upon you.
It's no, it's just the simple curved nature of space time and planets and anything that has curvature to it.
So I was like, if you and I stood on, like, if you and I, like, if we, if I could come up with the money
where you and I could like do this experiment where we drove like a hundred miles apart
and had compasses and walked around and he goes, let's do it.
Let's do it.
I love that this guy's down for anything but research.
He's like, he'll get on a plane and like meet you.
What made him, did you ask him what made him like stop believing it or did he never believe it?
I think somebody turned him on to this idea that we've all been lied to the whole time.
It's all been this big bunch of baloney.
And I said, but like, what's that?
Like, who's putting that myth forward?
And we're like, who's making money off that?
This is the heroic one because that one's got it.
You're just making money. The big globe lobby.
Like, as far as I know, unless somebody tells me different, he's really not hurting anybody.
And in fact, that whole polar ice cave, that guy wants the polar ice caps to stay there more than we do.
And so really, he's really not hurting anybody unless he thinks what keeps the earth flat is hitting children or something.
At what point?
But the crazy thing to me is like that, unlike the climate change denying kind of things or whatever the vaccination crap,
that this is a guy who, like, he has a belief system that is actually incredibly difficult, I would think.
It's beyond like, he has to fucking protect that thing with it.
You couldn't say anything that seemed to me logical that ever got through, like, his force field of what he believed in.
You think whenever he's like, at a movie, you know, and the universal logo comes out, he's like, here we go again.
Bullshit! Turn it off!
That's why he only goes to DreamWorks movies when a kid is sitting in front of a flat.
Right, right, yes, finally!
He's a flat movie.
But here we go.
It's a point where closed-mindedness...
Not me, buddy, I'm not...
That guy's so...
Take it down the road!
You have to actually open your mind a bit to get that closed-minded.
Like, he had to one day, somebody had to say to him, you know, some people who believe the earth is flat,
and he had to be like, you know, there has to be some story where he's like, yeah, but fuck those people,
and then some spider bit him or something, and he was like, maybe not fuck those people.
He delivered one of their flat babies in an elevator.
I was like, it's human.
Something happened to him where he was like, maybe the earth is flat.
When I got to my destination, I didn't get out of the car, we talked for maybe five, eight minutes.
I have so many, we have to keep talking, but he's like, I'd love to.
I'm like, keep the meter running.
I already turned it off, let's just talk about it.
That's not a heroic thing.
He goes, what's your hangout?
It's like you're a lunatic, and he's like, what?
I take that back, you're not a lunatic.
But this is a lunatic idea for me, and he's like, you have been fed a bunch of lies.
It's all a bunch of lies.
I was like, but why?
How do you start?
Was this Lyft or Uber?
This was Lyft.
That means he's got a podcast.
On the way there, I said, are you using Google Maps or Waze when he goes, I'm using Waze.
I'm like, how do you think GPS works?
If it's flat, you can't.
Jesus Christ.
What about you can go to the beach and see the ocean, and you can see it curving just with your own naked eyes.
That's an optical illusion.
Well, then so is anything.
You could just say, you guys can hang out.
I would respond to that and say, well, if the earth is round, how come everything seems so flat?
Like the answer is just, I would just say,
I get that, but if you could see it curving, I don't know.
Yeah, but I can see it flatting.
And the answer is, well, it's a matter of scale, and it's a different shit happens.
I want to get in there, man.
I want to be one.
I want to be a doomsday.
Did you find out?
I was like a couple of things.
If there were this flat, on a clear day, if we had a really good telescope, wouldn't we be able to see Mount Everest and everything else?
Eiffel Tower?
He had all this stuff.
Clouds.
My biggest regret about this whole thing is that right when you get out of the car, I was like, why didn't I invite him on Harmontown?
And not to mock him?
No, of course not.
We would have fucking...
I'd mock him.
But you wouldn't mock him.
You would question him.
You wouldn't bully him.
There's no need.
I think you can't just say, oh, you can't just have an answer.
You could come up with lie answers for anything and not have to prove anything.
Example.
Well, let's make Spencer be a...
Okay, sure.
Hello, Earther.
Alright.
Hey, if the Earth is hollow, how come there are holes?
Because it spins.
What?
It keeps the shape that way.
I'm supposed to poke holes, right?
I don't know what the exercise became.
You're trying to ask hard-hitting...
I'm trying to disprove hollow Earth theory.
Well, I don't really know anything in common day that I can point at.
That's because the government.
Alright.
See, it's easy.
You could just say anything.
Unless someone has, like, a ruler or something, you can't go out and disprove it.
This is true.
We blew it. I blew it.
How about Sasquatch? Do you want something else?
Sure, sure, sure.
Hey, how come we haven't found Sasquatch skeletons?
Because they've been hiding them.
Who's they?
The Sasquatches.
They're hiding them.
Because that's literally all they do is hide and hide things.
They hide skeletons and other stuff?
They're not called Sasparators.
Yeah, they hide the skeletons.
Where?
In the beach.
The beach?
Why the beach?
Because people think they're whale bones.
It's fucking easy.
You just say anything.
Alright, alright.
Spencer.
Let's have Spencer pretend he's someone who believes in the electoral system of the United States.
So how come if I live in New York where 9-11 happened, my vote counts for way less than if I live in Wyoming?
Because every state gets to determine that.
Well, how come we can't just use the technology to pick the president now?
You could. You just have to vote to make that happen.
That's the biggest argument about the electoral college.
It's like, oh, it's broken and fucking vote for it, assholes. It's stupid.
How come all the presidents are either rich people, politicians, or people that knew rich people are politicians?
Because that's what it takes.
That's the system that the forefathers wanted.
They didn't just want anyone to be president.
It's true they did.
That's true.
Yeah, I mean, if anyone was president, a disaster could happen.
They'd just pick some douchebag from a reality show and pizza commercials.
I mean, God, mob rule can't happen or else.
I love it. I love what's happening.
We're not celebrating the total collapse of the Republican Party.
We're just being afraid that Trump's going to get elected.
But we're not noticing that the fucking Republican Party...
I don't think it's the collapse of anything. I think it's us blossoming into a weird shitty flower that was always coming along.
It's kind of neat.
I said a lot of crappy stuff about the bipartisan system as if it was always going to continue and there was no way for it to ever change.
But it's not necessarily going to make things better, but at least we're looking at a kind of...
It's definitely a shaky year for the bipartisan system.
They still have the legislature, though. They still got that legislature.
Yeah, where the shit really happens.
That's the trick. That's what they've realized.
They think that if they lose the nomination, they can still win back legislation and still win that way.
Yeah.
Alright.
Alright. I really don't have a lot more. That's getting scary.
What's going on in Venezuela? I don't know.
Okay.
Seems rough.
What do you think is going on in Venezuela?
Some kind of horrible apocalyptic economic and health collapse of their entire system.
There's like a state of emergency.
Dan, that's what they want you to think.
Just follow the money.
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know what's going on in Venezuela.
I don't think they're listening.
I think something horrible has happened where they're in the dark ages.
Is anybody here legitimately into...
Don't come up just because you want to be on stage.
Is anybody here into something like Flat Earth, Hollow Earth, Kamen Trails, stuff like that?
Really is a firm-ass believer?
A firm-ass believer.
A firm-ass...
You believe in firm-ass?
You believe when you get a nice tight ass.
It just seems like a loaded thing.
Like, yeah, somebody's going to go, oh, if I squint real hard, I can be into Bigfoot.
And then they come up and they're like, there's a Bigfoot and we're like, really Bigfoot?
And they're like, okay, maybe medium-sized foot.
And we're like, yeah.
I'm proud of you guys for not volunteering. Thank you.
I'm proud of you, Jeff, for asking, though.
But also, I have nothing to talk about, so thank you for trying.
I'll let you down with that.
I'll let you down with that, Milly. I'm trying to help.
Let's enter the... there's a new segment. It's called Scraping the Bottom of the Barrel.
Let me give you some... here.
You got a barrel full of content
And you dip a ladle in
And nothing comes out.
So you go lower. Okay.
This is Scraping the Bottom of the Barrel, brought to you by Schrab's Momma's Pussy.
So gross.
When you want someone's Momma's Pussy, you need more than the worst. You need the best.
And if you can't get that, go to Schrab's Momma.
What are we doing?
It's just not funny. It's not funny.
It's not that funny.
It's kind of cheap. It's not that funny.
Well, I agree, technically, as a comedic craftsman, but at the same time, your attempt to high-road me is...
I just don't think it's that funny. It's not that funny. It's just not funny.
We're still in the segment called Scraping the Bottom of the Barrel. This is a subsection of that called
Things I could easily look up and have the answer to in one minute, but decided to write down and then ask on stage.
How many you got?
One.
Let's start with number one.
This is the bottom of the barrel.
You got that barrel.
Where does the word surcharge come from?
I don't know.
Because if you say service charge, I'm going to ask you, why is it called SUR?
I'm going to guess because it's the bottom of the thing. It's a charge they add to the bottom after all the things are tallyed.
What's the SUR?
SUR is...
Wait, I heard too much at once.
Latin for under, bottom.
What country is this again?
Like a surreptitious man.
The country of Latin?
God, I hate him. I hate him so much.
I don't think so.
Last time I checked, this was America.
Is it the same Latin?
Your phone died. You can't use that. Your phone is dead. You're not allowed to use that as a bailout mechanism.
Stop. Stop it.
Do you want me to charge your phone so you can use that?
Would you really? I need to get home.
That text message thing really got under your dandruff.
Are we allowed to know about this Chris Pratt meeting or what was going on there?
Is he going to be a Lego?
Obviously it was just like, Chris Pratt was like, what's taking so long with the Lego movie?
You know, like what's going on? Should I even do the voice?
Maybe someone else would do the voice of the Legos.
And they were like, why don't you go eat with Schrab? And then he's like, so anyways, can I get some more cantaloupe?
The Legos are going to be on a pirate ship this time.
And he's like, okay.
Because I can't hear the sound of you over the 800 million movies I should be doing right now.
Like if each of my pecs did one movie, that'd be two movies.
Well, talk to me about Legos.
Like tell me and you're like, wow, they snapped together and could I get another cantaloupe?
They're not called Legos.
The company's called Lego.
Don't care. You're never going to be friends with anybody cooler than me.
It sounds like he had brunch with one.
That doesn't make a friendship. That was my point. He's not friends with him. It's just a brunch.
I think you're terrified that maybe one day he will find somebody cooler than you.
In order for me to be terrified of that, there'd have to be something terrifying happening.
Are you saying Rob's incapable of finding somebody cooler than you?
I'm just, yes, I am.
Yes, I am.
So is it like sir, sir, like surreptitious?
No, like sir name.
Sir name.
Oh, on.
On top of.
Why did they just say that?
Oh, it's like surretab.
On the table. I always said I grew up in L.A. and speaking Spanish,
under the table, that's like when you're drunk.
I'm glad I asked. I should have looked it up, but I'm glad I asked.
That's a great. Okay, I have no more of those.
All right.
And we got about 50 minutes left.
I also heard that. What's going on in Venezuela?
Speaking of the French and us using their language,
supposedly the expression that's the ticket, like, yeah, that's the ticket.
It comes from a bastardization of that's etiquette.
French, like that's etiquette. That's the way you do it.
And is it etiquette based on the word ticket?
Oh, sorry, I interrupted your take.
No, no, no.
Is it etiquette based on the word ticket because they like would put up
manner signs like up at places and they'd be tickets.
It's not funny in any way. Fairly entertaining.
Are you trying to flatter us this right now?
No, no. That'd be amazing.
If you just, it's a big loop.
Anybody see the Civil War Land Civil War Man show?
Yeah.
What's it? Civil War Man?
You see the Civil War Man under Ruse?
Do we find out why he's calling him under Ruse?
No.
Dan and Rob, didn't you write a movie called Civil War Land?
Yeah, but that's, it isn't ours.
Who's Civil War Man in the movie?
John.
Do you want to break out?
Okay, let's break out. Who considers himself the, like, like, like,
like sort of a, you're, you're, you're a solid.
Yeah. Here we go.
Feet on the earth, like, like, like, like, you, you went to see Civil War
and, and you, and you liked it and you're a big Marvel guy and like,
you just kind of, here.
There's no shortage, no shortage.
I think the hand that went up first was over here.
Why don't you, you, you, you come up, are you willing to come up?
I, I just forgot to ask, are you willing to come up?
All right, so we've got a Civil War movie.
What, what is your name, sir?
Ben.
Ben?
Yeah.
Nice to meet you, Ben.
Ben.
All right, so no spoilers.
Tell us the entire movie.
But there probably aren't any spoilers to have, right?
I mean, they're just, they're just superheroes.
They're, they're super in the beginning.
They, they stay relatively super.
Is he, is he called Underoos in the beginning of the movie?
And then he, and he goes, actually it's Spider-Man.
And I go, oh, I'm sorry.
I must have, while the car was driving by, I heard Underoos.
That's so weird.
You're, you're, everybody is, I'm so embarrassed.
I gotta change my phone now.
Your name in the front.
All right, he's hung up on the Underoos thing.
I am, I am.
It's weird.
And then some kids are playing with a Captain America toy while Black Panther's running through the garage, right?
What?
When were they playing with a toy?
You know, when they're running through the garage, Black Panther, it's in the trailer.
I'm assuming that, that scene is still in the movie, right?
Okay, so Black Panther and Captain America are running through the garage,
and then there's like a family and a, and a minivan or whatever, the mom and dad are talking or something like that.
Well, but why, but Rob, why wouldn't there be toys in a universe where the people actually existed when they're,
I guess they have firefighters.
Wait, the firefighter toys, is that what you're saying?
You're saying that because we don't have firefighter action figures, which we do.
No, no, no, I'm saying that I'm agreeing with you.
Yeah, so, okay.
Okay, well that's been around since the 80s, the idea that people, that the,
Army men?
Well, no, that's the meta concept of like, oh, if there's a, in a sequel, like, like,
Oh, the people exist in the real world, and then they have the toys, the merchandising.
I don't remember ever seeing that.
It happens in like every fucking, like,
Name two.
I don't know, man.
Like it, I can't, okay.
I know I can name one, but there'd be like a five minute gap and everyone would get up and leave.
Then don't, then don't.
That's been, all right.
So a good movie, Civil War?
Oh yeah, I really enjoyed it.
I've seen it twice now.
Who's side are you on?
Well, I'm always on the side of Captain America because he generally has the most like straightforward logic.
Like Iron Man is a little bit more selfish.
You know, he's out for a lot more, his own agenda type of thing.
So yeah, he agrees.
But I have to say that the first time I saw Civil War, I saw it in this thing, a 4DX.
Have you guys?
No, what's 4DX?
Okay, so it's this thing that they're trying to, like they're trying to do like the Dolby Atmos and all that kind of stuff.
But in this, they have chairs that literally like move with the movie, like all the way around.
Like not just like just a little bit.
What?
Where was it?
Around, like up and down.
No, where was the place?
Oh, where did I go?
Someone said, where did you go?
Then he said around.
Oh my God.
Cinema.
It was at the Regal Cinema.
But it's this.
No, where did the chairs move?
Did it go left and right?
I'm sorry.
Did they shake or what?
I don't know the address.
But they shake and move, but the worst part of it is like that.
So they also blow smoke in your face and water and shit.
And then when people get punched, they literally punch you in the back.
Wait, shut up.
No, I'm not even joking.
Is this how you saw the movie?
Or what are you?
That's how I saw the movie.
What?
Yeah.
They're just physically abusing people?
It's like a carnival line?
It's the worst thing ever.
I thought it would be cool.
Wait, human beings come and punch you?
So that's why you want to see it twice, because you were like, how about not knocking my ass
around?
And I'll just have some popcorn.
I enjoyed it a lot more the second time.
Hold up, Ben.
Everybody in the theater gets a punch in the back by another human being.
It's by the chair.
No, it's the chair.
It's all mechanical.
It works there, named Douglas.
People work for the theater.
Okay.
So you're getting like the Bugs Life treatment where there's, you know, this thing.
But you don't really mean...
Exactly like that.
There you are.
So at a point where you were, it's actually kidney throttling you, like, is it really
literally like a character in the movie is getting punched, or is it like we're going
off a cliff, or does something exploded?
It happens for a bunch of different things.
Is there any fucking in the movie?
I wish.
You can tell...
No?
There isn't?
No, not...
It's a Disney movie.
So.
Okay.
By the way, he calls him under risk, because, you know, it's like he's wearing like his
stuff is made out of underpants.
But he made that.
That would be stupid.
I thought he did.
He doesn't make it, though.
Iron Man made his suit for him.
That's what I'm saying.
So now he's calling him out by the under...
That sounds like if I gave you a T-shirt, and I was like, hey, T-shirt, you motherfucker.
Yes.
It's like, that's your T-shirt.
You put that on me so you can insult me with it?
That's terrible.
That's like a Monopoly guy.
Under...
Underoos is a product, right.
And he's calling it under...
Underoos is a product that was in the late 70s that would have like Spider-Man's symbol
on it, and Batman's symbol on it, and he's calling him Underoos, right.
That's Iron Man's style.
He like gives everyone a nickname.
At one point, he calls...
Dude, I fucking know that.
Yeah, but Schrab, what are you...
Is Iron Man saying that?
He's referencing a thing that went out of style like decades ago.
Yeah.
That's how long...
Known for like Spider-Man underwear, so he's had to merchandise it since the 70s?
No.
Oh, your time...
Oh, so you're saying that Spider-Man...
You're thinking that he's time referencing Spider-Man like his own branding?
His brand of under-roos is what he's saying.
He's looking at him when he's talking to him, right?
But you're connecting a dot there that I don't think is...
It's like not all under-roos are Spider-Man under-roos.
Yeah.
So there's Batman under-roos.
So he's going...
He's like long johns.
Because there's Batman under-roos.
Yeah.
Spider-Man under-roos.
No.
Because you got a bat on your chest, and you're wearing a gray shirt.
No, it's like tights.
Hey, tights.
Hey, man, who's wearing tights?
Hey, asshole.
That I understand.
It's like that, but it's under-roos.
But when the...
Doesn't make sense.
Captain America all the time, because these were in tights.
You're just connecting a dot that they're not connecting for that reason.
It doesn't make sense.
It does.
No, it doesn't.
Hello Earth.
Are you going to go see it in the movie, at theater or thing?
Do you want to go watch it with me?
If you take the seat that punches you in the kidney, I don't want to get...
We can just go see it regularly, right?
I don't have to have smoke blown in my face.
My favorite is just seeing it in AMC Prime, because it's really comfy seats, and then they
have the Dolby Actress, which is enough technology for me.
That's Amazon Prime.
Hey, you know, the guys that directed that movie, they used to direct my show, Community.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
You know, they got that job that way.
They showed us the paintball episode.
I don't know why I'm angry.
They reference Community.
Where's Mike?
Give me a superhero.
There's a Community reference in Civil War.
Well, do you mean Dean Jim Rasheson?
Yeah, yeah.
He is the reference.
Yeah.
It was a very brief cameo, and I was like, oh my God.
I launch a lot of stars, kid.
Underroos are a t-shirt and briefs.
There's no leggings.
There's no armings.
There's no gloves.
There's no hood.
There's t-shirt and briefs.
And sometimes, Wonder Woman, Batman's Spider-Man was a popular one.
Doesn't make sense.
Underroos.
I'm sorry.
It doesn't make sense.
I will say it was a weird area, but I also can't say I could put my money where my mouth
is as far as what Tony Stark should yell out when calling the Spider-Man.
Spider-Man!
It's on the cover of this comic book that apparently probably exists in this universe
too.
No, he does, he does like question his name.
Why is his eyes squint?
It's the robot.
Yeah.
Tony Stark made his suit.
He custom-made it, and there's a part where he's talking about the goggles that he wears,
and they really obscure your vision, but because his senses are so heightened, they actually
help him see better.
So I believe Tony Stark made them so that they adjust to his eyes.
So they get squint to give him an expression.
So is this version of Spider-Man, does he have web shooters?
Yeah, he has web shooters.
He made the stuff himself.
So Peter Parker in this version of the Marvel Universe is, in addition to getting bit by
a radioactive spider, also is so smart that he can make web shooters.
Yeah, and that's what actually what makes their relationship really work well in the
movie.
Because they're both geniuses.
Yeah, exactly.
Except one of them is a superhero because he's a genius, the other one is a superhero
because he's a genius, and also got bit by a spider.
Here's another thing.
So he got bit by a spider, and he got all the powers of a spider, he can crawl up walls,
he's super strong, he can be telepathic, but he can't shoot webs.
Right.
So with the spider, the spiders know they're doing it.
How come I can walk on walls and know when danger is coming, ah, typical spider shit.
I'm connecting this dot to that spider that bit me, and as such, I'm gonna use my previously
untapped ability to create military-grade weaponry.
I mean, that was like, the comic book, it was fine, but I really, I'm just saying, like,
I thought that was like in this world where the movie industry takes comic book properties
that we love and kind of like demystifies them and like tries to jerk itself off for
making everything real.
That's nanobots.
That's not just a magical comet.
That's why you're made of stone and she can turn invisible.
It's like nanotechnology.
But one of the rare instances of, I thought, was, you know, the decision to make Peter
Parker just a puberty myth and have him have, like, he mutated and he's shooting like fucking
shit out of his wrists.
I thought that was cool.
Makes sense.
That all comes from the movies, I believe.
Right.
The, what's his name?
Toby McGuire.
Yeah, Toby McGuire.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm being an old man and saying like, I love, I love, no, Toby McGuire spider man.
That's what I'm doing.
I'm saying, I thought that was a cool instance.
I wasn't like jumping up and going, in the comic book, he invents, you know, like weird,
like the stuff with the tensile strength of steel that you could shoot, like the idea
that a kid could do that.
And then also that's the kid that got bit by a radioactive spider.
Is it true that he could shoot out of his feet, too, in this one?
If he built a machine for it, they never, they never expressed that at any point.
He might be able to shoot one out of his ass.
Yes.
Who's your favorite?
Who's, do you have a favorite?
Oh, come on.
Oh, sorry.
I missed.
Hashtag hotfarts.
Come on.
I missed.
I missed off on that.
Come on.
Oh.
Oh, Ben.
Spiders do it, though.
Come on.
Oh, Ben.
Maybe Spider-Man got bit by a spider that doesn't actually create silk.
Do all, do all spiders spin silk?
No, but you're, you're misunderstanding.
You're transless.
I don't think.
I'm saying that, I'm not going to keep, it's, I'm saying that I thought it was a clean,
nice simplification to say, why don't you get all the powers from the Spider-Bite?
Right.
I agree.
Not, not have to have one.
In comic book, in that age of comic books, it was like fine.
It was like, like, that's the point of comic books was like punk rock to be like, like,
okay, and then he made these things and he doesn't think.
When Tony Stark is seeing Spider-Man, is that the first time he's, they've ever met?
He's been watching him a bit closely, but it was the first time I met him personally.
Yeah.
This is the origin.
It's really kind of creepy if you think about it.
It's the origin of Spider-Man then, right?
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
So Tony Stark is aware of a product called Underoos, but didn't know that Spider-Man was
one of the lions in the 70s.
Oh my God.
I think they're going, it's like a slightly alternate universe, like where like the superheroes,
this is the first time they've ever existed, but like the, all like the products and things
that we like know and care about still like have happened.
Just without like branding of those characters.
A person has volunteered that DC Comics exists in the, well, yeah, because there's the, well,
and vice versa, right?
Because there's the joke of, oh, I'm sorry, no, not vice versa, that Toby McGuire movie
when she says, well, you're not Superman, right?
You're not, okay.
Anyways, the, the, the, what's your favorite, who's your favorite guy?
Tony Stark?
Putting words in my mouth.
Uh, yeah.
No, I, I mean, like, honestly, Iron Man is the most fun to watch, I think, but, uh, Captain
America has the best movies.
Why do you think it is that, well, yeah, why, why do you think it is that like, like, what,
so if you look at, uh, Batman as folklore, like he's a guy who was born rich, uh, he
had tragedy before him.
He's like, he's a philanthropist, he's a playboy, he's a billionaire.
He uses his money to make a bunch of shit.
It's like the obvious parallels, Iron Man, like that's the big thing, Marvel, like, even
though he's not the most super, what do you, do you, do you, have you thought about that?
Do you, do you think, what, why do you think the, why do we like the superhero characters
that we like in America?
What, what, it's okay if you haven't thought about it.
Oh yeah, no, I, I've totally thought about this, uh, especially cause like, a lot of
people like Batman, uh, the best and Iron Man is obviously like, uh, a very like close
equivalent, but I think the, one of the reasons why people like Batman better is cause he's
like a lot darker and like has a lot more like intrigue in his past.
But we like the guys who aren't super, even from DC, even to Marvel, it's like we like
the not decidedly non super superheroes, like the superhero got invented, but then we settled
into, well, I like, I like this, but we can't, we can't have, I, I, I dated a, a, a, a victim
that, uh, uh, was, uh, had a, getting her PhD, nobody even laughed because they're like,
yes, everyone you date is a victim.
I dated a young lady who, uh, uh, who was full of light when I met her and, uh, and
was getting her master, had her master's was getting her PhD in media studies and she
indoctrinated me into this concept of American mythology being, having this really specific
slant and hero mythology where we like, we can't decide between the outlaw hero and
the righteous hero.
So in Deadwood, that swear engine and Timothy Ali, uh, character, I can't remember, it's
I, my brain is Swiss cheese because I'm more of an outlaw hero, but it's like we, we need
our, we love, we love our Han Solo with our Skywalker, like we, it's like caviar on the
cracker, like we want to, so it's, but, so what I can't figure out is, is that, is that
why we love in comic book mythology, sure we love the fantasy of a guy getting really
so mad he can turn green and then he can fucking do all this shit that we want to do
at the bank.
But they can't make a good Hulk movie.
They can't make a good movie out of it because what we really like, ultimately the thing
that passes hands through all these studios and things, we like, we like rich people because
we don't want to be, we don't want to be socialists for God's sake.
Like we want to, we like rich dudes that are playboys, but then that also decide, what am
I doing with my life?
I'm going to, I should be out there fighting for truth and justice and they use all their
money to make like, like stuff and then they beat people up.
So because we don't want to let go of the American dream, which is that one day we're
going to be Bruce Wayne.
Yeah.
Well, it's still putting someone above you like a God type figure.
But it's also saying like, but it's a fantasy fulfillment.
We don't want to have a, when we, when we do fantasy fulfillment, we don't, we don't,
we don't imagine ourselves as John Henry, like, we only go like, I want to race a steam engine
and then die trying.
Like, like, like that's my guy.
You know who I love?
Jesus Christ.
I woke up one morning said, I'm going to cause it like I see it got nailed to a tree.
I love him.
I got him on all my T shirts.
But it's like, it's like Batman.
He's like, it goes and breaks your spine because his parents got killed in an alley
and he's like, why me?
And we're like, that's my man be, and I think, I do, I do, I do think it's because it's,
they have to be rich because not only does that make it feasible for them to do the things
that they do, but also we have a fixation in our country where we're like, we don't want
to fetishize the poor.
We want to believe, we don't want to give up on the idea that we're, we're entitled to
become rich.
Capitalism, capitalism works.
So, so, so if there was like a superhero comic that was like, poor man, and it was like,
like, like one day his parents got killed from malnutrition and he decided to put a trash
can lid on his chest and grab a heavy object and go out and fight the real injustice, property.
And we would all be like, no, that's terrorism, that's terrible.
It sounds like a Bernie Sanders campaign commercial.
There's a guy with a Bernie shirt there.
I'm playing to my...
Why, why do you, why do you think people like Batman over Iron Man?
Wait, do they?
That's what he said.
Oh, well, no, you never said that.
Ben, don't let him put words in your mouth.
I mean, I kind of did, but I didn't...
Is that Batman?
Well, Batman don't...
I hear more people talk about Batman than Iron Man, but especially like the comic book
version of Batman, because the comic book version, at least up until recently, was
more interesting, the version of Batman than the comic book version of Iron Man, because
he was just kind of a rich guy and he didn't have like...
Iron Man was like, waiting in the wings.
I always loved him, I loved him before, and then I swear to God, I swear to God, he was
my pixies.
And then Robert Downey Jr. was cast, and it was like, holy shit, but it was also like...
It kind of coincided with like, well, people my age were like rooting for Robert Downey
Jr. in a meta sense, it was like, it's a perfect like coalition, or whatever you call it, something,
something with the word co in front of it, and he did great, but that was a recent thing.
Iron Man was like, he was handed through different studios and television shows and mediums,
and he just kept enduring, because all he really does is, well, I mean, the things that
kept accruing as that myth was handed through different studios are the things that popped
for us, like, like, like, it was, it was weird that the Batmobile was part of this mythology
and not part of that, and like, but whatever sticks, it sticks, and then, I don't care,
I'm boring myself.
Batman's older, he's more like Paul Bunyan, he's closer to being folklore mythology.
Iron Man is like a straight handoff from a comic book property to cinematic property,
where they nailed it, and now we're really into it, but really what he is, is he's Marvel's
Batman.
I'm not a comic book guy at all.
Are there any like, awesome, like, women, like, superheroes that you know?
Yeah, there is.
Nah, nah, nah.
Not a single one, are you flattering my question right now?
No, no, no, there just aren't any women superheroes.
No, there are, are there other ones?
No, no.
Ben says yes.
Yeah, well the...
There's Wonder Man.
Wonder Woman, obviously.
Do you have a favorite, do you have a favorite woman?
Big Red?
Jean Grey.
I like Big Red because the cinnamon flavor was so powerful.
I like She-Hulk actually, she's the lady version of the Hulk.
I always thought she was pretty.
And a lawyer.
Yeah, she's a lawyer and she shows up as the Hulk.
She hulks out in order to defend supervillains, right?
Yeah, not supervillains, but like, maybe she does, I don't know, I've never read the ones
where she shows up as the lawyer.
All I know is that she like, she got the powers because she was the Hulk's cousin, I think.
And she got into a horrible car accident and she could only live because Bruce Banner was
the one who had the correct blood type, so he donated his blood and she got the powers
and then was, she liked it, she's like, she's okay with being the Hulk.
But she was already a lawyer before this happened or did she go past the bar as the
Hulk?
She went, if it's not already comic book line, I would love that.
Yeah.
All right, well, I'm going to try to, okay, so Ben, anything you're plugging, you got
a new tap dance special coming up for a book you've written?
I actually do, I actually do.
I'm working on my thesis project for school.
You don't need to plug those, but I've got an Indiegogo for it and no one's donating
to it.
Well, I don't understand, your thesis, you need funding?
Yeah.
Have we really gotten that bad?
I thought we just eliminated arts education from grade schools, I didn't know college
kids were now going, I need, I want to write a thesis about...
It's going on a really expensive vacation.
It's a short film, it's a, I'm making a, it's a Modern Day Western.
Okay, so you have an Indiegogo, we'll tell them about it and then they'll let them go
check it out.
Yeah, sure, it's, the project's called Guns Don't Lie, it's a Modern Day Western where
these two guys like who like idolize the Western, who idolize the whole Western mythos and everything
dress up as cowboys and pull off a train robbery and then modern technology and stuff gets
in the way.
Alright.
You can find it on the Indiegogo, just type in Guns Don't Lie.
Guns Don't Lie.
Alright, thank you Ben for...
Thank you.
Ben also...
Did you notice that Ben around his wrists...
I was going to ask, Ben you have a series of, it's too late now, you have a lot of,
like, will look like band bracelets, like you got, would you, you come back from...
I'd like, I'd rather speculate about it.
I think he's so young that he's, he's been to that many places in the last week.
Are they all from clubs, bars, like bands, things like that?
Like a Scissors convention, that's for sure.
Shots fired.
Alright, well, what I was going to suggest is like, because I'm zeroing it, like what
if we created a, because I figure if a guy's a billionaire, and then he has, like, technology
and he uses it to fight crime, and gets bit by something, no, you're wrong, no, take the
bite away, gets hit by something.
We could create a new superhero mythologies and cash in, but also that's just, I mean,
that's just me trying to fill.
I got Game of Thrones to watch, we could cut it early.
Do you know the only comic book that I ever read, cover to cover?
Skud.
Dan, did you ever read Skud, cover to cover?
What was, what was the deal with that bad guy in the beginning?
Whatever happens to him, he doesn't really come back, yeah.
He came back in the last four.
What happened?
Got his legs cut off.
Why?
Fucked with Ben Franklin.
It's a great comic series.
Any of you guys follow the Vine account?
What is it, Amazing Talent?
Amazing Talent?
Schrab sends me all these, Schrab sends me these vines.
Anybody see, it's amazing.
It's amazing.
But I can't believe the amount of people that this planet is generating that are
falling.
It's amazing.
It's heaven.
Vine is amazing.
I fully support it.
You can swipe through and it's just people getting hit with things and falling.
I don't like the, we don't like the, you know, if it looks like they really got hurt.
I don't like those either.
Nothing's funnier than people falling down and not getting hurt.
I don't like when they actually get hurt.
When I was at USC, I was sitting on the graph reading a book and it was kind of a lazy day,
like school wasn't in session and I heard footsteps that sounded like high heels.
And I look up and there's this young girl, I got a lot of books and she just like trucking
down the cobblestones at USC and she's really moving.
She got to be somewhere.
And she just hit the ground like a mousetrap closing and books everywhere.
I was like, oh, like, do I have to call 911?
Like I was getting, I was getting up to go see if she needed any help.
But she got up and she was fine.
She dusted herself off and I was like, ah, as adults, wiping out is the best.
I don't know how to like, like I get a vine from Schrab and it's always some crazy thing
and then crazy.
Okay.
And I, I, I, I swipe, if I swipe in different directions and get different results, but
I don't know what's happening.
I feel like I'm, I'm in a dungeon crawler like, like, like game where I'm just like
swiping and then like go ahead and like, how come, and I don't understand why if the account
is like Latino people be like, and then, and then it's like, but it's just dogs falling
downstairs or like a guy farting at an ear of corn and it's like, there's nothing Latino
happening.
But, but, but like that account, I guess maybe got popular and it was like people, we need
to aggregate the, I don't know, but I'm swiping and I don't know what I'm following and what
I'm browsing, but I know I love vine.
But I, but the weird thing is that most of them are comedically based.
Most of them are based on the six second kind of orgasm of like, you're watching something
and then something's going to happen.
But then it's like a certain percentage of them are like, there's this one that's like,
I think it's called amazing talent or something like that.
And it's just, it's mostly just teenage girls, it's singing.
But there's no irony that a basket, you keep waiting for a basketball to fly in a clobber
room because you're, you're like in this vine traumatic stress disorder mode and you're
like, wait, wait, so then it's just a girl singing kind of well for six seconds.
Like, like, oh, yeah, no, well, that's not a good example that doesn't, they sing well.
But then the caption is just like, oh, she sings so well.
But then it's like, they just keep popping up and it's like, I realized today, I think,
I think about 40% of the public sings well.
And I don't think it's a, I don't think we can call it a talent anymore.
Sorry.
I know, I think it's, I think it's, it's like being double jointed or, or, or, or people
like me who like the smell of skunk, like, I think just like 40% of us can carry a tune.
Rob, do you sing?
And I don't, I don't know if you should, I don't know if you should think of it as being
talented.
I'm just worried, I'm just worried because they're usually singing another person's
song and they're not playing an instrument and I'm just worried about these young ladies.
I believe that they think you should do that and you should like make, make a chair.
If you're listening to me out there, like, I'm just worried.
You want you to bury your dreams and start making him chairs.
Make Dan Harmon a chair and stop being such a singer.
So when I used to do a vine, do you watch it immediately?
No.
Do you watch it at all?
Yes.
Okay, all right, so, so when you don't respond, I shouldn't send it again.
What am I supposed to type, ha?
Viiiing a palooza.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay.
You don't have to, but you know, friendship, I feel like you guys are getting closer before
our very eyes.
I feel like it's like you keep, like I think you guys are, it's, it's, it's, it's fake
to pretend that you guys don't really love each other.
That's right.
Sure.
I'm doing my half.
I'm doing it.
No, I keep him around because he's confusing, like to me, like I'm going like, what is he
doing?
What does he mean?
But hasn't that always been the case since you guys were youngsters?
No, I used to, I used to, you know, we were like the two musketeers and then we, and then
like, like, but now we're really old.
I think our brains are dying and I'm just like, I feel like we're both just like the
rocking, the rocking chairs of life and like it's getting really funny.
But I'm also like really confused.
I think I'm, I'm not putting on a character when I'm like, what are you talking about?
Why did you do that today?
But he's, but Rob's, oh, you've always been like this, Rob.
I feel like, yeah.
No, he's, no, no, it's not true.
He's changed.
And so have I.
No, he's always been this weird, always.
I don't call it weird.
I wouldn't, I wouldn't call it weird.
There's always some prolonged, huge macro bit going on.
That's always been the case since I've known you guys.
Well, I don't know, man.
You wouldn't, you wouldn't want to live in a world without it?
No, I, look, I, I'm just trying to express, I'm saying like what you see is what you
get.
Maybe you've lost something inside yourself that you forgot how to translate, Rob's,
you know, unique qualities into, into what's important to you.
It's you that's changed, Dan.
I'm, I, I never doubted that.
Yeah, yeah, no, I, yeah, sure.
Yeah, sir.
It's all right.
We've gotten very old.
Did you, did you, did you ever see the vine where there's like the old guy and it hit
like somewhere in Europe and he's like talking to the, it's all foreign language.
But then another old guy like comes out in the background and he goes like meow.
They're like really old.
I always think like that, that could be us, like one day, like on camera and then like
the other guy's going meow, meow and the other guy's like, what are you, what are you, because
the other guy actually doesn't react.
I put my will together, uh, finally, like I finally put, I like hired like a lawyer
to get like my will together and I put, and, and, and like he came over to our house and
we're going through and he, and he goes, and so, um, if you're like on life support, you're
getting, and, and something God forbid happens to Kate, who do you want to be in charge of
pulling the plug on, on you if, if, if, if that happens.
And I said, he's looking at his phone right now.
And then I said, and I said, I said, Dan Harmon and Kate goes, oh, what the fuck really?
And I go, I go, if, if something after, I mean, you get, you get first dibs on me to
pull the plug, but if you're God forbid something happens to you, Dan's, Dan's in charge.
And I, I don't know, I, I, and I said this to, to her with the lawyer who I'm paying
a lot of money to do this, I go, it's just going to be really funny.
See, Dan, Dan has always lived, Dan's going to be like, ah, he's going to get Steve.
He's going to make Steve Levy
He come over and do it.
Yeah.
That's okay.
I'm just picturing like Kate's, Kate's on vacation when it, it happens or something
like that.
And I'm like calling her and going like, are we going to pull the plug or not?
Like, she's like, it's my, it's my saying, I'm like, yeah, but you're not here.
Uh, I don't know.
Yeah.
Let's say I did it already.
Would you be upset?
The guy in charge of the plug was a Rick and Morty fan and I, we were taking pictures
of them.
We were taking pictures of me pretending to pull the plug and I didn't know if you plugged
it back in.
It wouldn't just turn back on.
It reboots and I didn't have the password and just make, what's the password?
That's what I'm saying.
Kate, what's the password for his heart and lung machine?
Is it too late to make an addendum to, to your will and say that not only is Dan the
guy that does it just in case, but it has to be rigged up so it's an actual plug into
a wall.
Yeah.
I want, I'm like, yeah, that's going to be my living will is like, if you're going to
put me out, I want an actual plug and I want, I want the local, the local lions club to
have to like pose and like it's a tug of war during a pancake, but also it's on a big
power strip.
Like, is it the gray one or the big brown one?
Hey, who's messing with the air conditioning in here?
Or you could do, yeah, it was like, we spent so much time thinking about like the terms
of our, yeah, the terms of your actual like, like, like, or they haven't been like a doomsday
clock and make it just characterize it as if like, as you switch Dan Harmon to off the
world goes to shit, like, you know, there's like sunshine and cows and then it like, there's
like a midnight point in the middle as it goes from on to off, you know, picturing what
I'm picturing.
I gotcha.
And there's like, you know, devils and Sauron and stuff on the thing.
It's like Dan Harmon off and it's like, okay, here we go.
Like, let's, we voluntarily enter a world of darkness.
Do you have, have you made a will then?
I don't, I don't think so.
Well, you would probably have to have been there.
Yeah.
You probably would know.
It's not something you can knock out.
Yeah.
Steve, did you, did you make me a will, Steve?
Okay.
Spencer?
Well, I noticed when you make, we had the, the, the, the restaurant reservations tonight
and it was under, under Levy, not Harmon.
So I'm just wondering if you made the will and it was like under Levy, not Harmon.
Yeah.
Oh, damn.
You gotta, you gotta stay vigilant.
These kids.
Does he have like power of attorney over you as he, as he, as he was, I bet he does.
I just wish that he just disappeared and you're like, wait, all my money's gone, Steve, Steve.
But that would be, if Steve Levy cleaned me out and disappeared tomorrow, I would, that's
money well spent.
You got, you got to go ahead, buddy.
I always tell, I tell us both, but I've said that to you many times, right?
Like acting as my assistant, like, like whenever you have to get like cash or petty cash.
Not in so many words, but yeah.
But I go like, take something off the, imbecile, for God's sake, like, like, because if I don't
notice, then it's fine.
Yeah.
Then you deserve it or something.
Right.
Because if it's possible for you to take, if I have so much money that you can take
something I don't notice, then have some because I could die any minute, take my money.
Not you, but, but I'm like, I hear, I'm kind of like a Batman or Iron Man.
Well you clearly love Iron Man.
You keep bringing that up.
You, you, you, you, you identify with the Tony Stark character, right?
Well, I, like, yeah, but I, I, I fight, I fight, I fight, I fight, I fight my own, I
fight the forces of my own discomfort.
Glurp.
No, that was me doing comic strip, like, glurps, glurps.
Sound effects.
What's Iron Man's Lex Luthor?
Oh.
It's a hammer, right?
The hammer man?
No, hammer.
What's his name?
Hammer.
His problem, his problem is that people steal his suits and then he's like, oh no, that's
my whole deal.
Oh, see, I relate, I relate to that character.
Wait, who, uh, what?
Somebody, somebody comes in to steal my suits?
No, for sure you can Tony Stark.
I'll fucking, I'll go crazy, yeah, leave my suits alone.
Honestly.
I have terrible nightmares about people fucking up my suits.
But if I identified with anybody, the most would be Lex Luthor, I think, like, like, I,
but it's not me.
Me?
Oh.
Me.
Okay.
Because Lex Luthor hates Superman.
Iron Man doesn't hate anybody.
Who would you cast Rob as if you had to cast him as a DC or Marvel kind of?
Gotta go, like, I got definitely, like, getting an Aquaman vibe from him.
I feel like.
How about Spencer?
Uh, for sure, like, uh, like, uh, like, uh, Tron.
No, Tron.
Famous superhero.
How about me?
Who'd you cast me as?
You, I think you, you would make a good Black Panther.
Are they political?
Why is he a Black Panther?
Are they just actually Black Panther?
I don't know.
I don't like the sound of it, though.
That's why I haven't gone, because I don't see in that, you know, to that lens.
Schrab looks like Professor Xavier.
Yeah.
I mean, looks like.
He's got the eyebrows.
Who'd you cast Dave Kline as?
Dave Kline.
Oh, Dave Kline.
Well, he's Thor, right?
I mean.
He's Sabertooth.
But are we going with, like, physical looks?
Like, I would say, if I was going to get serious, I would say, okay, Schrab.
Essence-wise.
Schrab would be, like, uh, Schrab is, like, he's definitely a villain.
Like, he's like, uh, he's like a Mr. Missile Slacker.
Like, uh.
Dustin said the Riddler from Backstage.
Yeah, that's good.
Yeah.
Oh.
Sorry, Steve said it.
See?
Yeah.
He's stealing Dustin's lens now.
Yeah, that's good.
That's fine.
The Riddler.
This doesn't seem fruitful.
I don't know.
Hey, man, we're just making our way in the world.
You okay, then?
No.
Do you get a little high?
We're trying.
I'm like Truman Capote on.
No, maybe you became kind of, like, cute and smiley and rolly pole.
Well, I was just running out the clock.
I mean, it really just turns out I didn't really have anything to talk about tonight.
These people didn't.
These people didn't come here to watch you run out the clock.
They came here for high grade entertainment.
No, I know.
I'm trying to figure out how to make it.
Give these people entertainment.
I want to.
I do want to.
I don't want to.
I want it to be.
Meanwhile, at the Hall of Justice.
Hey, Iron Man.
Check out what's going on on Vine.
Bring it up on the screen, computer.
Check this one out.
If you swipe left.
I'm going to eat this donut so.
You motherfucker.
Breathe it.
Enhance.
Enhance more.
Enhance even more.
Oh, back up a bit.
You enhanced too much.
Iron Man, take a look at that.
Oh, my God.
It's Doom Nomitron.
Doom Nomitron is on Vine.
Get your phone out.
We got to get more hits than he does.
More loops.
I'm not going to improv and just stole a villain's name from an upcoming episode of Rick and Morty.
I just stole it.
But I think I wrote it so I think I can steal it.
But I don't remember.
Okay.
Sorry.
You think you have a will.
Let me take another run at that.
Okay, back it up.
Meanwhile, at the Hall of Justice.
Hey, Batman.
Oh, I'm Batman.
Yes.
What's up lately?
Doesn't seem to be a lot of crime happening.
Well, you start by trying to take back the night in your hometown and then at some point you decide to move into a Hall of Justice.
Yeah.
And suddenly your character takes on a strange weird comic relief quality.
It's a weird time we're living in.
My whole dichotomy was about innocence and guilt and justice and things.
And now I just hang out with Aquaman.
I know, I know.
Seven corner pocket.
Fuck.
I'm sorry.
No, I don't like.
Excuse me.
It's me, Alfred.
I just came to see if you were...
What?
Alfred.
Get the guns!
I work for you forever.
Alfred, I...
I'm your...
Ah!
Okay.
He called me Alfred.
Let's put his head on the wall.
I can't believe Auschwitz would think of coming into the Hall of Justice.
How did he make it past the...
You know, I like it.
I like it.
I like it when the villains come to us.
It's like, it's like E24.
We don't have to go outside or anything.
Oh, what the...
I'm Auschwitz.
Why did you kill your butler, Alfred?
Oh!
Awkward!
Ah me.
the bat Alfred Alfred oh shit oh shit all right okay I think I think I know how
to do this go go Batman bat pack soaring up through the fire the hall of
justice there Batman goes through the opening dome justice domes in into the
sky seeing Aquaman in the river below they give each other the Justice League
salute as they head I'm going to Tron's house was he riding a bike it's
a petal boat yo Tron let me in all right Aquaman
Tron let me in it's open hey what's up man what do we got going on here huh man
you know who I don't like Batman Batman's a dick yeah his parents they
sucked oh yeah a long time ago get over it yeah man my parents died yeah you
don't see me talking about oh that's why we hang out hang out where's the bong
you're sitting on a man I'm always sitting on bongs that's what I'm what
I think this is this is the new cyber weed man yeah I'm gonna blow that out of
my gills meanwhile in the skies over Gotham I can't remember where I was
going what was that prime rib what would you
bong that was back at the other scene right that's you know he was he wants
me to do that too but I there was a thing we were going to talking to you
because now you just decided to leave I think you're going to go get doom
Namatron oh right yeah I'm almost on my way to do namatron it's me Alfred the
ghost of Alfred your butler that you killed you fucking piece of garbage the
lives of the innocent are the price of the war crime fucking can't hear you la
la la la la gave you the best years of my life if I listen to ghosts I'd never
get anything done if you didn't have a butler you wouldn't get anything done I
do all the fucking work can't hear you over the sound of me avenging your death
this Tony Stark makes all his own shit you have other people do that you're
like you're like the Trump of superheroes ghost power doom namatron I
know you know I'm here yeah what's up who is it I'm Batman yeah yeah I don't
know you I don't know no Batman you've heard about me no every time I beat up
one of your friends I say tell all your friends about me yeah I've crunched the
numbers I know it's gotten back to you okay let me let me think about it no
you've heard of me it's Batman don't high road me oh oh yeah yeah I think I
heard you yeah who's out who you're talking to out there some Batman watching
TV and we're watching TV we got no time for this number to number trying you
tell that bat lady to go away get that what get away I've got to go go back a
well-placed gel spray shaped like a bat for no reason few steps back press the
x-key I think
the door open I didn't hurt your dog I put him to sleep I mean I made him go
asleep what did you do the ladybug what did you do the lady you should open
the door why did you do that you should open the door I'm putting this on
vine put down the gun bat bat bat bat bat bat shape batter eggs bat bat bat
loop what I boomeranged it it was Instagram I shot batter eggs at you
right I'm not denying it you killed my dog you're under arrest for what I don't
see no badge either you dressed up like a devil man I want some some crazy
under-roofs walked in here right now I just killed ladybug I just put the phone
down I'm a Batman he's wearing more than a t-shirt and briefs so I would not
call him under ruby looks like a like a under-roofs Beyonce no that doesn't
dig you're gonna confuse him because he's wearing more than just a t-shirt and
briefs it would be confusing to call him under-roofs don't do that don't confuse
the police they got plenty of things to do meanwhile back at Tron's house hey do
you want to ride light bikes around hey hey where's the orange slices who are
you talking to man what who are you talking to the person I'm talking in
yelling at I'm right next to you okay where the orange slices they're in the
fridge we're standing right in front of them that's why I like you can I have
some one slices yeah man oh good hey don't answer that oh I already did it
hello sorry it's disrespectful hello hey it's Batman listen I got a bit of a
situation do you have any don't bogart the orange slices hello hey are you
there the message at the tone what are you doing fuck hello I did the tone
before I did it's well it's Batman doesn't make sense I don't think you
don't have the phone I can hear people it's Batman do you have a fish tank yes
why would I hey Batman it's me Alfred I'm hanging up I'm hanging up with it the
ghost of that dog you just killed you just kicked my fish everybody you killed
we're all hanging out up here having a good old time is that a ghost I gotta I
gotta get justice hanging up do not run yes I'm sorry I'm sorry I I'm sorry I
transgressed I made a mistake I put myself above the law I feel bad I
acknowledge I did that I'm going to think better of it in the future I'm
leaving who was that thanks kid Hispanic though I mean that's innocent
it's people I protect can't do anything for me it's my job to do something for
them it's just not powerful enough only rich enough if I just turn around
backwards and fall backwards spreading my arms in a bat shape what is he doing
so it's just like the end of Birdman God damn it the cape is designed to
automatically make me land like a hero I thought I'd kill myself it's weird to
see him during the day I know it's weird it's like it's like 330 it was ladies
ladies it's weird it's weird hey hey I can hear you yeah well we're picking up
our children from school Bruce Wayne fucking Bruce Wayne I live in the
biggest house in the city I'm the guy that has equipment approximating Batman
so this whole time we just thought you were like a like an underdog hero but
you're just a rich person mm-hmm yeah yeah I wasn't a poor person with fucking
military equipment I was a I was a rich person that just yeah why didn't you give
all that money to like the police force or the hunt of the poor because
corruption lies in every darkness snap oh fuck I snapped her neck oh
mace mace anti-bat mace well maybe you don't recognize me Batman snake king sorry
yes nice to meet you I didn't even have an s on the end of it I added a
gratuitous the villain is so reptilian that words without s is still I was
bitten by a radioactive spider and turned into a snake what did you base that
I don't know it's all fucked up what can you climb walls yeah well I can kind of
go up trees are you sure you're not a spider I'm sure you don't have spider
powers and you just mistakenly decided to opt for a snake no I'm pretty I
slither about I gotta go so to find slither I go around I go up a tree watch
this spider can do that but they go to the they they walk up a tree I watch
this listen but that's your human being going like this up a tree that's a
spider yeah you're not a bat I didn't get bit by anything I I was just taking
the shit out of you I was fucking around I don't know you're just a crazy guy I'm
not a snake Kyle how did you recognize me your toad you're the only guy that gave
me the business in high school I've been following you around for your entire
career you knew it was Batman every time you saw a shadow that wasn't yours one
of those shadows it was mine they call me hot farts
do you guys do you guys mind if I was away shit what what I just as my car I
gotta pull out I'll be real quick I'm just gonna go I just I'm getting late
you know you can continue this I can continue what my friend left you can
continue standing there after I oh can I how about I take your car how about I
take your fucking car I you know what I think I think you're a criminal I'm a
vigilante I think you're a criminal step back step the fuck back taking your
car give me the keys I'll use bad equipment to give me if you're lucky
I'll leave it somewhere where's the how do you fucking what is this you don't
have to put the key don't fucking don't put your fingers out of my face press the
button you don't there's you don't there's no fucking dick just press the
button you don't have to fucking button what pick a lane is it a Batmobile or a
car it's a my car it's not a Batmobile how's why is there a key if there's a
power button the fuck are you people I'm not Henry Ford motherfucker just press
the button or get I can't it's not making a sound can I move nails like a
golf cart maybe a dip you should steal someone else's car taking this god damn
it taking this watch it you're gonna hit your shut up you're gonna hit the
mailbox hear you I'm a block away I'm a block away it's really loud are you
fucking kidding me shit hey it's me I was an undercover cop
Steve Levy who made an appearance Spencer Crittenden and Ben check with the
car guns don't lie find that guy's movie pay for it
I'll make that awesome Western I'm Jeff Davis your mayor Dan Allen
hard fire did you get any of that it's a good a show